I Want You
Slept with Ye Linghan
And take a video
Make the video public at that time
The Chen family will never allow Chen Bufan to marry such a slut
At that time, I will naturally become Chen Bufan's wife
Xiao Xiao Chen
The person he hates the most right now is me
I never had a chance.
Didn't you say you were his savior?
Is it that hard to ask him out for a drink?
This drug Gillette
Even a peerless master
Once you drink it
There is no other but to appear
Go get ready
The room has been opened for you.
In the Tianzi No. 2 private room
Don't worry.
Guaranteed to complete the task
Chen Bufan, let's meet
I have something to say.
I'm at the Tenglong Club
I don't know if General Xia is suitable?
We'll know when we meet.
There is only one request.
Do it yourself
Not interested
Is it about Ye Linghan's interest?
Tenglong Club
Tianzi 1 forgot
U-turn Tenglong Club